\documentclass[11pt]{meetingmins} % Using meetingmins LaTeX class.

\setcommittee{Project Group: Machine Learning for Predictive Maintenance}

\setdate{January 27, 2021. 09:00 - 11:00}

\setpresent{
  Tanja Tornede\textit{(Supervisor)}, Anurose Prakash, Christopher Zinda,
  Gourav Prakash, Paul FÃ¤hrmann, Saghar Heidari, Sanjay Gupta, Selami Hoxha,
  Vinay Kaundinya
}

\absent{}

\alsopresent{}

\begin{document}

\maketitle

\section{Minutes-taker: Anurose Prakash}

\section{Topics Discussed:}

\subsection{Each team member presented their work for weeks 4}
\subsubsection{Details}
\begin{hiddensubitems}
    \item
    Each member presented their work.
\end{hiddensubitems}

\subsection{Changes to meeting call invite}
\subsubsection{Details}
\begin{hiddensubitems}
    \item
    For every weekly meeting, the person responsible for minutes have to start the meeting 5 minutes before the scheduled time and invite the participants to the call.
    \item
    The same rule is extended to specific group meetings where one person has to start 5 minutes before and call other participants.
\end{hiddensubitems}


\subsection{Discussion on review of Topic study report}
\subsubsection{Details}
\begin{hiddensubitems}
    \item
    Each member got assigned with a chapter of topic survey report to be reviewed by next wednesday meeting. 
    \item
    Reviews of each section has to be given in report pdf in the form of comments and added to Teams under review folder.
    \item
    General topics such as introduction and conclusion has to be reviewed by each of the group members.    
\end{hiddensubitems}

\subsection{Git commit updates}
\subsubsection{Details}
\begin{hiddensubitems}
    \item
    Christopher explained the team with the pipeline has been set up to check the errors during build and the commit is allowed only after all the errors has been resolved.
    \item
    Provision to view the automatic pdf generated is provided in artifacts
\end{hiddensubitems}

\subsubsection{Additional Information}
\begin{hiddensubitems}
    \item
    Persons Involved: Tanja Tornede and Team.
\end{hiddensubitems}

\subsection{Discussed Git concepts and CI pipeline for implementation phase}
\subsubsection{Details}
\begin{hiddensubitems}
    \item
    Git pipeline was shared to the team by Christopher and it had main, develop and feature branches. Details are provided in Read.md file in git repository. 
    \item
    The  commits on the developer branch should be having different persons as assignee and reviewer 
    \item 
    The template for merge request should be done by Sanjay and showed in the next meeting.
\end{hiddensubitems}

\subsubsection{Additional Information}
\begin{hiddensubitems}
    \item
    Persons Involved: Tanja Tornede and Team.
\end{hiddensubitems}

\section{Next Meeting:}
\begin{hiddensubitems}
    \item
    Date and time: February 3, 2021 at 09:00 - 11:00
    \item
    Person responsible for minutes: Christopher Zinda
\end{hiddensubitems}

\end{document}